Presentation: Support displaying relationship properties (#3808)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/changehistory/NextVersion.md

| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ![All properties fall under one category](./media/AllSpatialCategoriesUnderPhysicalObject.png) | ![Properties fall under different categories](./media/SpatialCategoriesUnderPhysicalObjectAndTestClass.png) |

### Relationship properties

> It is now possible to display relationship properties using [`relationshipProperties`](../presentation/content/RelatedPropertiesSpecification.md#attribute-relationshipproperties) attribute of related properties specification. Related properties will be categorized under relationship category if any relationship properties are included. To force this behavior regardless of whether any relationship properties were included, use [`forceCreateRelationshipProperties`](../presentation/content/RelatedPropertiesSpecification.md#attribute-forcecreaterelationshipcategory) attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now possible to include relationship properties into content using a newly added [`RelatedPropertiesSpecification.relationshipProperties`](../presentation/content/RelatedPropertiesSpecification.md#attribute-relationshipproperties) attribute. Properties of the relationship and category of the target class are categorized under relationship category if any relationship properties are included. 

It's now also possible to move related properties under a relationship category even when there are no relationship properties. To force this behavior, the new [`RelatedPropertiesSpecification.forceCreateRelationshipProperties`](../presentation/content/RelatedPropertiesSpecification.md#attribute-forcecreaterelationshipcategory) attribute can be used.
```

| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ![All properties fall under one category](./media/AllSpatialCategoriesUnderPhysicalObject.png) | ![Properties fall under different categories](./media/SpatialCategoriesUnderPhysicalObjectAndTestClass.png) |

### Relationship properties

It is now possible to include relationship properties into content using a newly added [`RelatedPropertiesSpecification.relationshipProperties`](../presentation/content/RelatedPropertiesSpecification.md#attribute-relationshipproperties) attribute. Properties of the relationship and category of the target class are categorized under relationship category if any relationship properties are included.

> It's now also possible to move related properties under a relationship category even when there are no relationship properties. To force this behavior, the new [`RelatedPropertiesSpecification.forceCreateRelationshipProperties`](../presentation/content/RelatedPropertiesSpecification.md#attribute-forcecreaterelationshipcategory) attribute can be used.

Reviewer 2: > It's now also possible to move related properties under a relationship category even when there are no relationship properties.

Does this mean that relationship category will not appear even if contains properties from foreign sources? If so, this should be clearly explained in the documentation.

Author: What exactly do you mean by "foreign sources"?

A ruleset that moves related properties under a relationship category:
```json
{
  "ruleType": "Content",
  "specifications": [{
      "specType": "SelectedNodeInstances",
      "relatedProperties": [{
          "propertiesSource": [{
              "relationship": {"schemaName": "BisCore", "className": "ModelModelsElement"},
              "direction": "Forward",
              "targetClass": {"schemaName": "BisCore", "className": "PhysicalPartition"}
            }],
          "properties": ["UserLabel"],
          "forceCreateRelationshipCategory": true
        }]
    }]
}
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks, I now have a better understanding of this new feature.

> 

Reviewer 2: I still would like some more clarity. Here's how I would explain this new feature:

> Properties that are defined on [ECRelationshipClass](../bis/ec/ec-relationship-class.md) can now be included in content using newly added [`RelatedPropertiesSpecification.relationshipProperties`](../presentation/content/RelatedPropertiesSpecification.md#attribute-relationshipproperties) attribute.
>
> When relationship properties are shown, or [`RelatedPropertiesSpecification.forceCreateRelationshipProperties`](../presentation/content/RelatedPropertiesSpecification.md#attribute-forcecreaterelationshipcategory) attribute is set to `true`, all information coming from that relationship, including related instance properties, will be organized within a category named after the relationship class.

Markdown:

```markdown
Properties that are defined on [ECRelationshipClass](../bis/ec/ec-relationship-class.md) can now be included in content using newly added [`RelatedPropertiesSpecification.relationshipProperties`](../presentation/content/RelatedPropertiesSpecification.md#attribute-relationshipproperties) attribute.

When relationship properties are shown, or [`RelatedPropertiesSpecification.forceCreateRelationshipProperties`](../presentation/content/RelatedPropertiesSpecification.md#attribute-forcecreaterelationshipcategory) attribute is set to `true`, all information coming from that relationship, including related instance properties, will be organized within a category named after the relationship class.
```
